c:\users\qwerty13-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\shamsa\shamsa\bin\Debug\shamsa.exe
c:\users\qwerty13-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\shamsa\shamsa\bin\Debug\shamsa.pdb
c:\users\qwerty13-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\shamsa\shamsa\obj\Debug\shamsa.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\qwerty13-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\shamsa\shamsa\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\qwerty13-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\shamsa\shamsa\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\qwerty13-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\shamsa\shamsa\obj\Debug\shamsa_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\qwerty13-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\shamsa\shamsa\obj\Debug\shamsa_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\qwerty13-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\shamsa\shamsa\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\qwerty13-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\shamsa\shamsa\obj\Debug\shamsa.g.resources
c:\users\qwerty13-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\shamsa\shamsa\obj\Debug\shamsa.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\qwerty13-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\shamsa\shamsa\obj\Debug\shamsa.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\qwerty13-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\shamsa\shamsa\obj\Debug\shamsa.exe
c:\users\qwerty13-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\shamsa\shamsa\obj\Debug\shamsa.pdb
C:\Users\qwerty13-PC\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\shamsa\shamsa\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\qwerty13-PC\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\shamsa\shamsa\obj\Debug\win_timer.g.cs
C:\Users\qwerty13-PC\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\shamsa\shamsa\obj\Debug\win_timer.baml
C:\Users\qwerty13-PC\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\shamsa\shamsa\obj\Debug\win_about.g.cs
C:\Users\qwerty13-PC\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\shamsa\shamsa\obj\Debug\win_about.baml
C:\Users\qwerty13-PC\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\shamsa\shamsa\bin\Debug\shamsa.exe.config
C:\Users\qwerty13-PC\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\shamsa\shamsa\bin\Debug\shamsa.exe.manifest
C:\Users\qwerty13-PC\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\shamsa\shamsa\bin\Debug\shamsa.application
C:\Users\qwerty13-PC\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\shamsa\shamsa\obj\Debug\shamsa.exe.manifest
C:\Users\qwerty13-PC\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\shamsa\shamsa\obj\Debug\shamsa.application
